[Go] New Concept Exercise: maps WIP (#1351)
exercism/v3: languages/go/exercises/concept/maps/.docs/introduction.md

> `map` in go is a key-value type. In other programming language, you might know map as `dict` or associative array. The value of an uninitialized map is `nil`, and you can define map as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `map` in go is a key-value type. In other programming language, you might know map as `dict` or associative array. The value of an uninitialized map is `nil`, and you can define a map as follows
```

```go
  make(map[string]int)
```

or

```go
  var foo map[string]int
  foo = make(map[string]int)

> ```

Reviewer: I don't see the difference between the two ways to create a map, they both use the same function. Is there a difference that I am missing?

Is the other way to define a map:

```go
map[string]int{}
```

?

> To retrieve a value map, you can use

Reviewer: Maybe add something to explain that the key is used as the index:

```suggestion
To retrieve a value in a map, you can index if by key
```

```go
baz := foo["bar"]
```

> But you have be careful here, if you're trying to retrieve a non existed key, it will cause a [run-time panic][gospec-run-time-panic], to avoid run-time panic, you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But you have to be careful here, if you're trying to retrieve a non existed key, it will cause a [run-time panic][gospec-run-time-panic]. To avoid a run-time panic, you can use
```

> In go, `map` is a built-in data type that represent a key/value store or hash table. In other programming language, you might know `map` as `dict` or associative array. If you're not familiar with such concept, map you can think `map` like a dictionary, which every word is the `key` and the definition is the `element` of `map`.

Reviewer: I feel like you've done a good job of explaining what a map is, and don't need the last line:

```suggestion
In go, `map` is a built-in data type that represent a key/value store or hash table. In other programming language, you might know `map` as `dict` or associative array.
```

Author: Are you sure? I think that line is needed, I know Jeremy said the introduction is for people coming from other language, meaning they have prior coding experience but just to put everyone on the same playing field

Reviewer 2: Maybe reorder slightly to define it more up front, and move key/value and hash into the examples? e.g.

```suggestion
In go, `map` is a built-in data type that maps keys to values. In other programming language, you might be familiar with the concept of `map` as a dictionary, hash table, key/value store or an associative array.
```

(Using this as my reference: https://tour.golang.org/moretypes/19)

> > Before we begin, I'd like to point you to [go spec for map][gospec-map] and [go blog for map][goblog-map] to dig further into `map`.

Reviewer: The introduction should preferably not link to external documentation. As such, could you remove this line please?

```suggestion
```

Author: Oh that's right, but I need 1 link to refer the student to the `comparable` type, I think listing out the what the comparable types are would be too much for this exercise

Reviewer: > I need 1 link to refer the student to the comparable type

Does the student need to know this to solve the exercise? I think they don't, as the map types used in the exercise is pre-defined.

Author: Partially, they only need to know `string` and `int` type for the keyElement and valueElement. Basically what the docs trying to say is you can use any type for keyElement and valueElement, but for keyElement you can't use `Slice`, `map`, and `function` but the `slice` concept hasn't been introduced yet.

A better approach I think to list what types are available for the keyElement and valueElement, but that might be outdated sometime in the future (who knows?) but that mean I have to put in some keyword that hasn't been introduced, is that alright? I think that's alright, right?

Reviewer 3: @ErikSchierboom: As far as I understood we can have this in the after.md with a link. The `introduction.md` is basically a summary of the necessary parts of the `after.md` to solve the exercise. Is that correct?

If so, @chocopowwwa you can have this in the after.md but just remove it completely from the introduction.md. It is not necessary to know which types can be used as keys in a `map` to solve this, but it is very good to know it in general. All the `after.md` files of completed exercises will be available to the student to re-read later on, to go back to if questions arise. So it is perfectly valid to have this in the after.md.

Note: on my latest exercise I have done (https://github.com/exercism/v3/pull/1438) I have written `after.md` first with everything in there and then just copied it over into introductions.md and removed everything not absolutely necessary. That helped me keep it clean and hopefully not having to change things in 2 documents all the time. (If change requests come up, maybe I should have waited even longer to create the introduction... we'll see).

Syntactically, `map` looks like this:

```go
map[KeyType]ElementType
```

_`KeyType` must be any [comparable type][gospec-comparable], while `ElementType` can be any valid type in go, which means you can store anything from primitive variable to a slice._

It's important to remember that `map` in go is **unordered**, if you try to loop trough a `map` and print the element, you might surprize yourself seeing that your elements printed in random order (give it a try if you like).

It is also important to know that each key is unique, meaning that assigning the same key twice will overwrite the value of the corresponding key.

> `map` is reference type, which means if you pass it around, go won't copy the whole map. Instead what go will do is go copy the pointer of the map, this makes passing map to a function or variable cheap. The value of an uninitialized map is `nil`.

Reviewer: There is quite a bit of information here. Is there any information that the student does _not_ need to solve the exercise? If so, could you remove this information and only have it in the `after.md` document? See [the documentation](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/docs/concept-exercises.md#docsintroductionmd).

Author: I thought the same thing when i was writing the introductions, but I missed a paragraph there, see 9bc5573 , thank you
